Invitation letter
And here's the signature of the head of the jury
Is he fake?
He's a useless piece of crap.
How can I possibly get an invitation?
It's fake, but he forged it.
Zhou Dong is a traffic star
Signatures are everywhere online.
He must have brought it over by himself
Otherwise, if he is a big shot
Why are you willing to be by Jiang Rao's side for so many years?
Chu Fan, you are so brave
Even official letters like invitations dare to interpret
You are not afraid of going to prison and going on a boat
Stop pretending, Chufan
In order to entangle us, Miss Jiang
You can do anything
Bajiedao Lark
Hiding to Xingyue and lying about being a masked song god
Now in such an official
Fang's show site co-dye and create cocoons
I don't need to use a fake yet, hahaha.
gold
The Song Award has only been given out once
That is to give the masked song god therapy back then
You said your invitation is still true
So what do you mean?
You can rival the existence of the legendary song god
Mr. Chen, your efforts to reverse black and white
That is truly amazing!
You said it wrong.
I am the masked song god
I don't need to pretend